$600,000
on the line. I've got $636,000
on Bitcoin right now. Was this Bitcoin
bounce legit? I'm up $12,000. Should I
close this trade? The trade that was
given in advance on May 20th at 9:25
a.m. Or are we about to drop all the way
back down to the 60s? I can hear you
saying,
>> "Why you asking so many questions,
stupid YouTube clown?"
>> Shut up, fool. Sit back, relax, and I'm
going to tell you exactly how you also
can make $12,000 trading this Bitcoin.
So like, subscribe, and click the dang
bell for notifications cuz we're giving
you the juiciest Bitcoin updates right
here from my mom's garage, baby. We
begin with the green box of hope and
wonder. This is the box we've been
keeping our eyes on now ever since the
end of April. And the reason why this
green box is called the green box of
hope and wonder is because of this. You
do not have to be an expert. You do not
have to be the science incarnate to see
that this level of support resistance
goes all the way back to March 2024. It
was support in the spring of 2025. It
was support in the fall of 2025. And now
it is our resistance. And in addition to
this guys, if we lose this white line of
75444,
we are coming back down inside of this
area here. If we come back down inside
of this area here, if we pull the volume
profile, you can see that the highest
probability is that we get a move back
down into the 60s. And so this green box
of hope and wonder must hold if we want
some more upside. Remember there are two
possibilities right now. First of all,
the bullish scenario is that we have
broken out of this very important
resistance that's lasted the entire bare
market. Not only that, but we have
broken out of this major local
resistance at around $75,000. And we're
currently getting a back test of said
resistance and we're about to get a move
up to the next Fibonacci golden pocket
zone around potentially the mid 90s.
This is bullish scenario number one that
we are looking at. We're going to talk
about some other signals on the chart
about exactly how probable that is.
Scenario number two is this is a
glorified fake out and the bare market
continues and either we make a double
bottom here for a bounce and the bare
market ends or we actually make another
low and start to form one last range
before the bare market ends. Now you can
see right now we are trying to reclaim
the very important value area high this
macro range. We're trying to close a
daily candle above and honestly if we
can close the daily candle or the weekly
candle above this area that actually is
quite bullish which could catapult us
back up towards the mid80s. The weekly
market cipher B is potentially right now
forming a top. Doesn't matter if we're
in a bullish or bearish market. If this
thing prints a red dot, we are going
sideways and down for the next few
weeks. It just is what it is. When we
come to the daily chart, this is our ray
of hope. We are printing a bottom right
here. Not only are we printing a bottom,
but this is known as a hidden bullish
divergence, which is as the price is
respecting a trend line in an uptrend.
As the price taps the trend line, making
a higher low, the oscillator makes a
lower low. You can see here this
momentum wave, which will confirm in 9
hours potentially is lower than this
previous momentum wave. So, it is a
battle between the bearish top on the
weekly and this hidden bullish
divergence on the daily. Daily looking
kind of good. The weekly looking kind of
ambiguous like that picture of me right
after I graduated from college with my
degree in trans non-carbon binary
mission gender intersectionality.
Standing safe space white for you
probably from the government this time
of my life worse math is racist. So are
you studies? Oh that's a mouthful. Now
hidden bullish divergences are always
made stronger when we have bullish
divergences on lower time frames. So
what we want to see here is if we go
down to like the 4 hour bullish
divergence, right? We want to see a nice
juicy uneven butt cheek pattern. A big
fat butt cheek on the left followed by a
really skinny butt cheek on the right.
Just like our favorite waitress at the
diner coming out. Big old fat butt
cheek. Skinny right. She talks like
this. She got the raspy voice. She
smokes cigarettes inside. Hey Dolores,
get over here cuz Jason needs another
cup of coffee. She's spilling the coffee
everywhere cuz he can't walk straight
with these uh uneven butt cheeks. But if
we see that on the lower time frames,
then well things are looking good. So,
let's check it out. Do we see Uhoh. Oh
no.
Oh no. Oh no. We have our left butt
cheek here, but instead of a skinnier
cheek, we have a floppy butt cheek on
the right. And instead of the money flow
getting higher, the money flow is
getting lower. In fact, this is not
looking the best on these lower time
frames. Let's go down to the 1 hour. The
1 hour
dancing on the line, guys. The money
flow is in fact giving us the uneven
butt cheek pattern here. We have higher
money flow. The momentum waves ah
we're once again seeing the floppy butt
cheek. Things are very on the line and
ambiguous right now to be totally
honest. So here's how I'm trading this.
Yes, I've taken the long trade from the
setup given in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord. I told my community on the 18th
that I'm building a swing long. I'm
adding to swing longs. My invalidation
is $74,000. We have not yet taken out
$74,000
which is why I am still in the long
trade right now as you can see. And it
is up right now 13 grand as you can see.
And my stop loss is right around $74,000
as you can see. And so I'm waiting to
see how this weekly candle is going to
close because market structure is king.
And so if we can hold this very key
support, I'm going to interpret these
ambiguous signs as being bullish. All
right? And if not, well then the long
trade will get stopped out for a small
loss. And that is a okay because in the
Casper crew, well, we are also in short
trades up right now $15,000. We told
everybody in the moment May 10th taking
a short May 14th taking a short. All
right, in the community. So we are in
positions up over 20K right now on the
shorts and now it's just a wait andsee
scenario to see what is going to happen.
But this is a very very key area. Now,
the bull market is scheduled to begin
based on the 4-year cycle between June
and November 2026. That means we are one
week away, two weeks away from the
bottom of this bare market to come in.
All right, based on our four-year cycle,
the top happened right on schedule. All
right, the middle of October. It's
exactly what we were looking for while
we're in that bare market. Okay, the
bottom is scheduled to come in between
the summer and the fall. And so whatever
happens here, even if we get another
drop, we need to be looking at this as a
bullish thing. In the event of a drop,
that is still bullish. How can I say
that? Well, when we look at monthly
market cipher B, once we do confirm the
green dot, which is getting close, could
be a few months away, exactly as we're
expecting here for the bottom, that is
when the actual bottom of the bare
market comes in. So if we do get another
drop here, that is going to be extremely
bullish. That is going to be an
excellent buy opportunity. If we bounce
here, then what I think is going to
happen is we are probably going to see
significant follow-through up towards
100K. Then we will get a bit of a
pullback and then we will actually enter
into another big bull market and see new
all-time highs. All right, guys. I'm
trading Bitcoin and altcoins. First of
all, on Antarctic decentralized
exchange, as well as KSEX and Blowin, my
three exchanges, very low fees if you
use my link, lower fees than anybody
else. Also, guys, currently over here on
Klein Funding, we are doing $550,000
funded account giveaways next week. If
you want a chance to partake in this
$250,000 of giveaways for funded
accounts on this crypto prop firm, all
you got to do is have an existing or
previous account using my link in the
description of the video. I also have a
15% discount for all these funded
accounts if you are into trading on
proper. Guys, that is it for this
Bitcoin update. Very curious to see what
happens as the weekly candle closes. May
God bless you all in the name of Jesus
Yeshua the Messiah. Even if you are not
religious, I pray you and your family
are super blessed. And I'll see
everybody in the next video. Peace.